this is from gaza i'm still alive and i
know that we are living in the hottest
area in this world i mean it our world
is melting due to the global warming and
i know that this is a common thing i
mean everyone in this  The world is suffering
from the high temperature during this
summer imagine living this extremely hot
weather as a g in the gen imagine
spending your summer in a plastic 24
hours days a week for months now or even
when we get it, wait, what do we say in the morning that we will
put medicine in it for agriculture?  So I go to garden after
two o’clock. I tell you to take the medicine. I mean,
put some toys in the mower. I put them between the blankets. You
leave them. You want to
show them our blankets. You sold us the refrigerator. The
hot water. I put the bucket down and it is covered with dust so that the
girls can bathe in it to heat it up in the
sun. It’s okay. I
make it all dirty and I said clean. There is nothing.  Oh, there are no
shampoos or soaps, cleaning materials at all. A
box of shampoo is 180 shekels, and we are not able to
get it. I am 75 years old, so I cannot
sit in the tents and the stove is on fire. We confirmed that we are
not sitting in the middle of the tents. I mean, you
see, I am sitting. It is a blanket with a mattress made of it.
I come and sit here in the morning, and in the afternoon you break a
shadow. I sit in the second apartment. Where are Safieh's utensils?
Where are Safiyah's utensils from? I'm telling you, I left my
house. I left my house with nothing but the demolition
that is on me. There is neither summer nor winter. We came out
like the demolition that is upon us. See what it means that you brought
it up.  Shameful in all respects. There is nothing to
put our bride through. What is Abdullah? I suffer from the ground of
the soldier. From the heat of the tent. From the crack of the tent. From
the sand they sit on. It is all polluted. Our lives, I mean,
even the air is polluted. To the doctors. Abdullah advised. He advised
the relationship. A
refrigerator that keeps away from the grill and does not hold the sand and its cells.
In a cold area,
the hobbies of the world are always free and you know
7000 t of explosives the environments
are
catastrophic so so sorry like the heat
be
even make subscribe channel the latest
from alera